END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

NOTICE: PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS 
"AGREEMENT"). IF YOU INSTALL OR USE THIS SOFTWARE PRODUCT (THE
"SOFTWARE"), YOU WILL BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU 
DO NOT WANT TO BE BOUND, YOU MUST PROMPTLY RETURN THE SOFTWARE, 
ALL ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION, AND ALL OTHER ACCOMPANYING 
WRITTEN MATERIALS IN THE ORIGINAL PACKAGING TO THE LOCATION 
WHERE YOU OBTAINED THEM FOR A FULL REFUND. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT 
THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT COPY, RETAIN OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. 	 LICENSE GRANT. Quarterdeck Corporation ("Quarterdeck") 
grants you a nonexclusive license to use the Software, as 
follows:

Except as stated below, you may install the Software on only one 
computer. If the Software may be used from any computer or 
terminal other than the computer on which it is installed 
(whether because the computer on which it is installed is part 
of a network or for any other reason), you must license a copy 
of the Software for each computer or terminal from which the 
Software may be used. For example, if ten computers or terminals 
have access to the Software on your network, then you must 
license ten copies of the Software solely for use on that 
network. However, multiple users may share the Software to work 
collaboratively on the same document or data at the same time 
without licensing multiple copies so long as the Software is 
resident on only one computer and may not otherwise be used from 
another computer or terminal.

If you regularly use more than one computer (such as an office 
computer and a home computer), you may install the Software on 
each of them so long as the Software is never used on more than 
one of the computers at the same time. If you want to allow the 
Software to be used on more than one computer at the same time, 
then you must license a copy of the Software for each computer.

You may make a reasonable number of back-up copies of the 
Software. The back-up copies may be used only to replace an 
unusable copy of the Software. You must destroy any copies of 
the Software that are replaced by a back-up copy. Back-up copies 
must include all proprietary rights notices appearing on the 
original and must remain in your possession or control.


Except as specifically permitted in this Agreement, you may not 
(i) copy the Software or this manual, (ii) modify the Software 
or separate out any of its components for use with other 
software (except to the extent contemplated in the enclosed user 
documentation) (iii) use the Software to provide time sharing, 
service bureau or similar services, or (iv) decompile, 
disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Software. 
Further, you may not allow anyone to do anything that this 
Agreement prohibits you from doing.


You understand that the Software is licensed to you and not 
sold. Quarterdeck retains title to all copies of the Software.

2. 	LIMITED WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER. (a) Quarterdeck 
warrants that, for ninety (90) days after you obtain the 
Software (the "Warranty Period"), (i) the Software will operate 
as stated in the enclosed user documentation, and (ii) the disk 
or other media on which the Software is provided will be free of 
defects in material or workmanship. This limited warranty does 
not cover anything caused by accident or abuse or by use of the 
Software other than for its reasonably intended purposes and as 
recommended in the accompanying user documentation. Also, 
Quarterdeck does not warrant that the operation of the Software 
will be uninterrupted or error free. This warranty gives you 
specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which 
vary from state to state.

(b)	EXCEPT AS STATED IN SECTION 2(a), QUARTERDECK DOES NOT 
MAKE ANY WARRANTIES. IN PARTICULAR, QUARTERDECK DISCLAIMS ALL 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE DURATION OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY THAT IS 
NOT EFFECTIVELY DISCLAIMED WILL BE LIMITED TO THE 90 DAY 
WARRANTY PERIOD. SOME STATES DO NOT APPLY LIMITATIONS ON HOW 
LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT 
APPLY TO YOU.

3. 	EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES. (a) If, during the Warranty Period, 
you report any breach of warranty to Quarterdeck and Quarterdeck 
is reasonably able to verify that breach, Quarterdeck will, at 
its option, either (i) correct the Software or replace any 
defective media, (ii) help you work around or avoid the problem, 
or (iii) allow you to return the Software, all accompanying 
documentation, and all other accompanying written materials in 
the original packaging for a full refund. If you return the 
Software for a refund, you may not retain or use the Software, 
and you must immediately destroy all back-up copies and any 
other copies of the Software in your possession or control.

(b)	During the Warranty Period, you may report breaches of 
warranty over the phone by calling 
(800) 354-3222 or by letter addressed to Quarterdeck Corp., 5770 
Roosevelt Blvd. Building 400, Clearwater, FL 34620, Attention: 
Customer Service. You must describe the breach in detail and 
include a phone number or address at which you can be reached 
during normal business hours. Quarterdeck will respond within a 
reasonable time to any reported breach. You must pay all costs 
of shipping any Software or other materials from you to 
Quarterdeck and from Quarterdeck to you. Any corrected or 
replaced software that you obtain under this Agreement will be 
considered part of the Software licensed under this Agreement 
and will be covered by warranty only for any time remaining in 
the original Warranty Period.

(c)	THE REMEDIES STATED IN THIS SECTION 3 ARE YOUR ONLY 
RIGHTS OR REMEDIES, AND WILL BE QUARTERDECK'S ONLY LIABILITY OR 
OBLIGATION, FOR ANY BREACH BY QUARTERDECK OF ANY WARRANTY.

4. 	PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Quarterdeck and its licensors retain 
all copyrights, trade secret rights, patents, trademarks, and 
any other proprietary rights covering or relating to the 
Software. You acknowledge that the Software includes or 
incorporates proprietary and confidential information belonging 
to Quarterdeck and/or its licensors. All rights not expressly 
granted by Quarterdeck in this Agreement are reserved.

5. 	NO CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 
NEITHER QUARTERDECK NOR ITS LICENSORS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, LOST 
PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION OF ANY KIND, ARISING OUT 
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE OR THIS 
AGREEMENT, EVEN IF QUARTERDECK OR ITS LICENSOR HAVE BEEN ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL 
QUARTERDECK'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM RELATING 
TO THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE OR THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, EXCEED THE 
LICENSE FEE PAID BY YOU. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION 
OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE 
ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

6. 	LIMITS ON YOUR RIGHT TO TRANSFER. You may not 
sublicense, rent, lease, lend, sell, grant a security interest 
in, or otherwise transfer the Software or any rights under this 
Agreement, except that you may transfer your copy of the 
Software if: (i) you transfer to the same person all copies of 
the Software and of any accompanying documentation in your 
possession or control, (ii) that person agrees in writing to 
assume all of your obligations under and otherwise to be bound 
by this Agreement, and (iii) you notify Quarterdeck at the 
address or phone number specified below of the transfer of the 
Software, including the name, address and phone number of the 
new user of the Software and the serial number of the Software. 
Your rights under this Section 6 only apply to incidental 
transfers. No right is granted to transfer or in any way 
distribute multiple copies of the Software in connection with a 
trade or business (whether as a value added reseller, OEM, 
distributor, systems integrator, or otherwise).

7. 	EXPORT. You acknowledge that the Software is subject to 
United States export control laws, including the export 
administration regulations. You will not export, re-export or 
divert the Software in contravention of those laws.

8. 	TERMINATION.   Quarterdeck may terminate this Agreement 
if you violate it. You must destroy all copies of the Software 
in your possession or control promptly upon termination. Upon 
Quarterdeck's request, you must certify in writing that you have 
complied with your obligations under this Section 8 and 
otherwise under this Agreement. Termination by Quarterdeck will 
not limit any of its other rights or remedies under this 
Agreement or at law or in equity. Any provision of this 
Agreement that by its sense and context is intended to survive 
termination of this Agreement will survive termination.

 9. 	SEVERABILITY. If any provision of this Agreement is 
illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement will remain valid and fully 
enforceable. If any provision is in part enforceable and in part 
unenforceable, it will be enforced to the extent permitted under 
applicable law.

 10.   U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS. If this product is 
licensed by a DoD agency, such agency's rights in this product 
are governed by the restrictions in the Technical Data -- 
Commercial Items clause at DFARS 252.227-7015 and DFARS 
227.7202, or any successor regulation. If this product is 
licensed by any other agency or instrumentality of the United 
States of America, use, duplication and disclosure are subject 
to restriction as set forth in subparagraphs (a) - (d) of the 
rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at FAR 
52.227-19 or any successor regulation. 

 11.   GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement is governed by California 
law.

 12.    ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement, together with any 
special rights or promotions provided in writing with your copy 
of the Software, is the entire agreement between you and 
Quarterdeck relating to the Software. It supersedes any prior or 
contemporaneous oral or written communication relating to the 
Software.

Questions? Write: Quarterdeck Corporation, 13160 Mindanao Way, 
Marina del Rey, CA 90292-9705. Phone: (310) 309-3700 Fax: (310) 
309-4218.
